Improve data lineage docs (#6044)
nextflow-io/nextflow: docs/reference/cli.md

The `lineage` command is used to inspect lineage metadata. Data lineage can be enabled by setting `lineage.enabled` to `true` in your Nextflow configuration (see the {ref}`config-lineage` config scope for details).

:::{tip}

> Set `lineage.enabled` in your `~/.nextflow/config` file to enable it globally.

Reviewer: This is not useful unless providing a common lineage path

Author: The way I struggled with this was that I added `lineage.enabled` to a pipeline config, and then ran that pipeline in a different location. It correctly used lineage and generated a `.lineage` directory, but when I tried to do anything with it I couldn't, because the `nextflow lineage` commands couldn't find a config to enable them.

@jorgee mentioned maybe making these commands specifically default to having lineage enabled, which would solve it.

I do wonder if it's still useful though. Globally enabling it means that lineage is always created, wherever you run. Otherwise you need to manually enable for each run, and when you want to use the lineage (eg. to debug failed resume) you can't. So I find this useful even without a common lineage path.

Reviewer 2: Moving this tip to the guide

$ nextflow lineage view <lid>
```

:::{tip}

> You can use the [jq](https://jqlang.org/) command-line tool to apply further queries and transformations on the resulting lineage record.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can use the [jq](https://jqlang.org/) command-line tool to further query and transform lineage records.
```

:::

The output of a workflow run can be shown by appending `#output` to the workflow run LID:

```console
$ nextflow lineage view lid://c914d714877cc5c882c55a5428b510b1#output
```

:::{warning}
Only outputs described using the {ref}`workflow-outputs` syntax are captured in lineage records.

> If your pipeline only uses {ref}`publishDir` then an empty list will be returned.

Reviewer 2: @jorgee this would be a good place to explain how files published via `publishDir` can still be accessed as LIDs

Reviewer 4: Great. I am going to add it.

> If your pipeline only uses {ref}`publishDir` then an empty list will be returned.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If your pipeline only uses {ref}`publishDir` then an empty list will be returned.
However, files published via `publishDir` can be accessed using the Lineage ID in the format `lid://<workflow_lid>/<relative_path>`, where `<relative_path>` refers to the published file's path relative to the workflow's output directory. If the `publishDir` path is not a subpath of the output directory, the lineage metadata entry for these outputs will not be created, and a warning message will be printed. 
```

Author: Great - I wonder if it would make sense to mention that the base directory can be set with a config one-liner using `params.outdir`? This is also maybe getting a bit too long for an admonition.

I'll leave this for @christopher-hakkaart to make a decision on / clean up, if that's ok.

Reviewer 3: I've edited this comment for language, please check the meaning is retained.
